Complaint
Management System


 


Consider a Complaint Management
System for a university. A teacher can file a complaint if there is any
problem, or if any service/equipment is required. The teacher shall forward her
request to a particular supporting department such as IT, accounts or admin.


 


Each department has many employees, and
exactly one manager. The manager shall review the request and shall assign the
job to one or more employee. The date for each assignment is recorded.


 


When the job gets completed, the
employees update the system. The system notifies the manager; who then declares
the job done (may be after a review).


 


Next the system notifies the teacher,
who then records her feedback. If the teacher is satisfied, the complaint is
closed. Otherwise it remains visible to the manager, as an open issue.


 


A complaint goes through different
states during this cycle: new, assigned, resolved or closed. The teacher or
manager can view its status any time.


 


The system also generates some
reports as well. The campus director for example, can view a summary of the complaints
filed within a given period of time. For each department, the system shall show
the number of complaints received, along with their status (closed, open, etc).
The director then can ask for details about a specific complaint, including
complaint date, status and description, the teacher who initiated the request,
the relevant manager and employees, and the date of job assignment.


 


Besides the afore-mentioned users,
there is an administrator who manages important information such as adding or
removing employees, managers and teachers.


 


 


You are required to implement this
system using either C++ or Java.


Provide data persistence using
files; do not use any DBMS.


Use three-tier architecture as
discussed in the class. The data shall be loaded into the objects before any display.
Similarly objects need to be populated before any writing to the files.


 


Submit a class diagram. However you
need not to show all the data members or functions.


Also submit a report generated by
the tool CCCC as discussed in the class.